Why does that person look a bit like Mr. Gu?
Don't disturb them
Mom, I'm already very sorry for Zhao Tingchuan.
I can't let you hurt him again
Maybe I got it wrong.
Why is Mr. Gu here?
you
Finally untied me tightly enough
How much you don't want to touch me
Zhao Tingchun
Who is it? It's just you.
He didn't come, did he?
There has always been only one.
Why is my brother-in-law coming tonight?
Okay, you lied to me when you said you came at 7 o'clock.
Mom, why did you hit my sister again?
Who let him lie to me?
I still took the trouble to arrange it.
get out of the way
Today I'm going to beat this unfilial mother to death
You hate me so much?
Who asked you to lie to my sister? Now I'm just angry.
He didn't mean to
But so are you.
Why are you lying to mom again?
Yeah, everything I do is wrong
This sister doesn't need me to come back